Fix for table 5.1 (#193)
j3-fortran/generics: J3-Papers/utis/table_5_1.txt

To: J3                                                     J3/##-###
From: Tom Clune & generics
Subject: Corrections to Table 5.1 Statement Order
Date:

References: 26-007r1, 26-125r1, 25-204r3

Intorduction:
-------------

When incorporating paper 25-204r3 into the current 26-007r1, the
editor reject some changes to Table 5.1 (editors report 26-125r1):

       "a TEMPLATE is not a program unit or subprogram.  note that we
        have ordering requirements for BLOCK constructs, derived-type
        definitions, etc., and these do not appear in this table for
        the same reason."

While agreeing that templates are not program units, subgroup
disagrees with the editor's decision, and asserts that TEMPLATES are
of sufficient priority and complexity to worthy of inclusion in the
table.  The closest analog of TEMPLATE is *not* derived-type
definitions, but rather *modules*, and nothing in the first line of
the table states that the listed constructs are all program units,

> though that is certainly the current state of affairs.

Author: ```suggestion
Subgroup believes that the stronger reason for why the other constructs listed by the editor do not appear inside the table is that they generally have much simpler ordering requirements than those that do appear.  In that regard, the TEMPLATE construct is more akin to program units than derived types, for example.
```

Edits:
------

> [48:1+] Update first line in table 5.1, to include TEMPLATE such that

Author: ```suggestion
[50:9+] Update first line in table 5.1, to include TEMPLATE such that
```
